README.md, before:

# Document CLI tool

This CLI tool turns .json documents into any open-attestation verifiable documents. It applies the OpenAttestation algorithm to produce a hash of the json document and then creates a file with the data and proof of integrity.

## Setup

```bash
npm install -g @govtechsg/open-attestation-cli
```

The above command will install the open-attestation CLI to your machine. You will need to have node.js installed to be able to run the command.

You can also opt to use npx:

```bash
npx -p @govtechsg/open-attestation-cli open-attestation <arguments>
```

## Wrapping Documents

This command process all documents in the input directory and issue all of them in a single
batch. It will then add the issuance proofs to the individual documents.

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/example.0.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc
```

The command will display the result in the console. If you need to save the file you can use the `--output-file` file.

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/example.0.json --output-file ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json

✔  success   Batch Document Root: 0x5d318c8083aac18f8075ca2a2eac74b06f2cc37d6ccad680c7c80c9bb36f7be1
```

If you need to wrap a folder you will need to provide the `--output-dir` options to specify in which folder the documents must be wrapped in.

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents

✔  success   Batch Document Root: 0x5d318c8083aac18f8075ca2a2eac74b06f2cc37d6ccad680c7c80c9bb36f7be1
```

You can also provide an optional JSON schema document to perform extra check on the documents

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --schema ./examples/schema.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc

open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ ./examples/wrapped-documents/ -s ./examples/schema.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc
```

The JSON schema parameter also allow for http endpoint returning valid JSON schema:

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --schema https://gist.githubusercontent.com/Nebulis/dd8198ab76443489e14121dad225d351/raw/693b50a1694942fb3cc6a8dcf5187cc7c75adb58/schema.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc

open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents/ -s https://gist.githubusercontent.com/Nebulis/dd8198ab76443489e14121dad225d351/raw/693b50a1694942fb3cc6a8dcf5187cc7c75adb58/schema.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc
```

You can also re-wrap a document by editing a wrapped document content and using the `--unwrap` option:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/example.0.json --output-file ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json

# edit the recipient name in ./tmp/wrapped-documents/example.0.json for instance for Your Name to Another Name
open-attestation wrap ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json --of ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.1.json --unwrap
```

You can disable the `--batched` option to wrap multiple documents individually (i.e. they will not have the same merkle root):

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --batched false
✔  success   All documents have been individually wrapped
```

By default the CLI will use open-attestation schema v2 but you can opt in for open-attestation schema v3 using `open-attestation-v3` option:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --open-attestation-v3
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --oav3
```

## Document privacy filter

This allows document holders to generate valid documents which hides certain evidences. Useful for hiding grades lol.

```bash
open-attestation filter <inputDocumentPath> <outputDocumentPath> [filters...]
```

Example:

```bash
open-attestation filter examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json tmp/example.0.out.json key1

✔  success  Obfuscated document saved to: tmp/example.0.out.json
```

## Encrypting document

This allows you to encrypt document in order to share and store them safely.

```bash
open-attestation encrypt <inputDocumentPath> <outputEncryptedPath>
```

Example:

```bash
open-attestation encrypt ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json ./tmp/encrypted.json

✔  success   Encrypted document saved to: tmp/encrypted.json
⚠  warning   Here is the key to decrypt the document: don't lose it: 9bac5be27bac31d852fc1e48eb9d5249ec6ad7978da23377b5879f7a24994cb2
```

## Decrypting document

This allows you to decrypt document encrypted using the method above.

```bash
open-attestation decrypt <input> <output> <key>
```

Example:

```bash
open-attestation decrypt ./src/__tests__/fixture/did-dns-encrypted.json decrypted.json 88da9b9cd61cfc1677ae7e79dba9b3aeba4b40c95f94c950759e76c6210b5402

✔  success   Decrypted document saved to: decrypted.json
```

## Deploying Token Registry

Deploys a token registry contract on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation deploy token-registry <registry-name> <registry-symbol> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation deploy token-registry "My Sample Token" MST --network ropsten

✔  success   Token registry deployed at 0x4B127b8d5e53872d403ce43414afeb1db67B1842
```

## Deploying Document Store

Deploys a document store contract on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation deploy document-store <store-name> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten

✔  success   Document store deployed at 0x4B127b8d5e53872d403ce43414afeb1db67B1842
```

## Token registry

### Issue

Issue a hash to a token registry deployed on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation token-registry issue --address <TOKEN_REGISTRY_ADDRESS> --tokenId <TOKEN_ID> --to <TO> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation token-registry mint --network ropsten --address 6133f580aE903b8e79845340375cCfd78a45FF35 --to 0xB26B4941941C51a4885E5B7D3A1B861E54405f90 --tokenId 0x10ee711d151bc2139473a57531f91d961b639affb876b350c31d031059cdcc2c


✔  success   Token with hash 0x10ee711d151bc2139473a57531f91d961b639affb876b350c31d031059cdcc2c has been issued on 6133f580aE903b8e79845340375cCfd78a45FF35 with the initial recipient being 0xB26B4941941C51a4885E5B7D3A1B861E54405f90
```

`mint` can be used instead of issue and will be strictly equivalent.

## Document Store

### Issue

Issue a hash to a document store deployed on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation document-store issue --address <DOCUMENT_STORE_ADDRESS> --hash <HASH> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation document-store issue --network ropsten --address 0x19f89607b52268D0A19543e48F790c65750869c6 --hash 43033b53a462036304f526aeaf3aaeea8d905997d6fde3bb1a02188eadbaaec1

✔  success   Document/Document Batch with hash 0x0c1a666aa55d17d26412bb57fbed96f40ec5a08e2f995a108faf45429ae3511f has been issued on 0x19f89607b52268D0A19543e48F790c65750869c6
```

### Revoke

Revoke a hash to a document store deployed on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation document-store revoke --address <DOCUMENT_STORE_ADDRESS> --hash <HASH> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation document-store revoke --network ropsten --address 0x19f89607b52268D0A19543e48F790c65750869c6 --hash 43033b53a462036304f526aeaf3aaeea8d905997d6fde3bb1a02188eadbaaec1

✔  success   Document/Document Batch with hash 0x0c1a666aa55d17d26412bb57fbed96f40ec5a08e2f995a108faf45429ae3511f has been revoked on 0x19f89607b52268D0A19543e48F790c65750869c6
```

## Verify

Verify if a document is valid.

```bash
open-attestation document-store verify --document ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json --network ropsten

…  awaiting  Verifying examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json
✔  success   The document is valid
```

## DID Direct Signing

Sign on an OA document directly with a private key.

```bash
open-attestation sign ./examples/unsigned-documents -f ./examples/sample-key -p did:ethr:0x6813Eb9362372EEF6200f3b1dbC3f819671cBA69#controller --output-dir ./examples/signed-documents
```

## DNS TXT record

Create a temporary DNS TXT record in OpenAttestation sandbox

```bash
open-attestation dns txt-record create --address 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc --networkId 10
✔  success   Record created at exotic-blush-primate.sandbox.openattestation.com and will stay valid until Thu Jul 02 2020 13:51:34 GMT+0800 (Singapore Standard Time)
```

Get the list of DNS TXT records associated to a domain

```bash
open-attestation dns txt-record get --location resulting-magenta-locust.sandbox.openattestation.com
┌─────────┬────────────┬────────────┬───────┬──────────┬────────┐
│ (index) │    type    │    net     │ netId │   addr   │ dnssec │
├─────────┼────────────┼────────────┼───────┼──────────┼────────┤
│    0    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │ '10'  │ '0xabcd' │ false  │
└─────────┴────────────┴────────────┴───────┴──────────┴────────┘
```

Filter the list of DNS TXT records associated to a domain on a specific network

```bash
open-attestation dns txt-record get --location example.openattestation.com --networkId 3
┌─────────┬────────────┬────────────┬───────┬──────────────────────────────────────────────┬────────┐
│ (index) │    type    │    net     │ netId │                     addr                     │ dnssec │
├─────────┼────────────┼────────────┼───────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────┼────────┤
│    0    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0x2f60375e8144e16Adf1979936301D8341D58C36C' │ false  │
│    1    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0x532C9Ff853CA54370D7492cD84040F9f8099f11B' │ false  │
│    2    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0x53f3a47C129Ea30D80bC727556b015F02bE63811' │ false  │
│    3    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0x8Fc57204c35fb9317D91285eF52D6b892EC08cD3' │ false  │
│    4    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0xdcA6Eea7024151c270b50FcA9E67161119B06BAD' │ false  │
└─────────┴────────────┴────────────┴───────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────┴────────┘
```

## Wallet

Creating a wallet

```bash
open-attestation wallet create --of ./tmp

ℹ  info      Creating a new wallet
? Wallet password [hidden]
…  awaiting  Encrypting Wallet [====================] [100/100%]
ℹ  info      Wallet with public address 0x6348a96D96D56665C2E9619f81355918779f3d9E successfully created. Find more details:
✔  success   Wallet successfully saved into /path/to/tmp
```

Encrypting a wallet (see [below](#providing-the-wallet) to find out how to provide the key)

```bash
open-attestation wallet encrypt --of ./tmp

ℹ  info      Encrypting a wallet
? Wallet password [hidden]
…  awaiting  Encrypting Wallet [====================] [100/100%]
ℹ  info      Wallet with public address 0xB26B4941941C51a4885E5B7D3A1B861E54405f90 successfully created. Find more details:
✔  success   Wallet successfully saved into /path/to/tmp

```

Decrypt a wallet to get information about it. Some information might be sensitive

```bash
open-attestation wallet decrypt wallet.json
⚠  warning   You are about to reveal the private key of your wallet. Please type the following word into the terminal to prove that you understand the risks: active-aqua-swordtail
? ack: active-aqua-swordtail
ℹ  info      User consented to risks
? Wallet password [hidden]
…  awaiting  Decrypting Wallet [====================] [100/100%]
ℹ  info      Wallet successfully decrypted
✔  success   Wallet information:
- address: 0x19bf1b00f78f521999d9A4246818F362fcaA1A96
- public key: 0x04e1a6facd0fee89e44ae51c1352e32224e79caaa3ccf5afa9d77f10f92f7c4c584ccdf6cfb9a71584c18408a1a0e12341556757268117afebda00d6d6e71133bf
- private key ....
```

## Providing the wallet

When interacting with blockchain you will likely need to provide a way to access your wallet. All functions - when the wallet is required - will provide multiples ways for you to pass it in:

1. Using `encrypted-wallet-path` option where you provide a path to an [encrypted wallet](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/api/signer/#Wallet-encrypt) (recommended).
1. Using `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable holding the private key.
1. Using `--key-file` option where you provide a path to a file containing the private key.
1. Using `--key` option where you provide the private key directly to the command (**Note that for this method, the private key may be stored in the machine's bash history**).

Example:

```bash
# Using encrypted-wallet-path option
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten --encrypted-wallet-path /path/to/wallet.json
# Then you will be prompted to type your password to decrypt the wallet
? Wallet password [input is hidden]

# Using environment variable
export OA_PRIVATE_KEY=0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten
unset OA_PRIVATE_KEY

# Using private key stored in file
echo -n 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002 >> ./examples/sample-key
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten --key-file ./examples/sample-key
rm ./examples/sample-key

# Providing the key to the command
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten --key 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003
```

## Demo config file

This command will generate a working demo config file, deploy a document store, deploy a token registry and create temporary DNS for verification of any created document.

Please note that a wallet.json file must be provided with funds in Ropsten testnet, as the generated demo-config file will only work in Ropsten testnet.

Example:

```
open-attestation demo-config create --output-dir ./examples/demo-config --encrypted-wallet-path /path/to/wallet.json
```

You will need to provide the `--output-dir` option to specify in which folder the demo-config file will be created in.

You will need to use the `--encrypted-wallet-path` option where you provide a path to an [encrypted wallet](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/api/signer/#Wallet-encrypt).

## Help

Run the command with `--help` to get additional information

```
open-attestation deploy
open-attestation document-store
open-attestation encrypt
open-attestation filter
open-attestation verify
open-attestation wrap
open-attestation sign
```

## Development

To run on local for development

```
npm run dev -- <command> <options>
```

## Test

```
npm run test
```

Commit message:

feat: update to let user create any config file as long as he provides the template

README.md, after:

# Document CLI tool

This CLI tool turns .json documents into any open-attestation verifiable documents. It applies the OpenAttestation algorithm to produce a hash of the json document and then creates a file with the data and proof of integrity.

## Setup

```bash
npm install -g @govtechsg/open-attestation-cli
```

The above command will install the open-attestation CLI to your machine. You will need to have node.js installed to be able to run the command.

You can also opt to use npx:

```bash
npx -p @govtechsg/open-attestation-cli open-attestation <arguments>
```

## Wrapping Documents

This command process all documents in the input directory and issue all of them in a single
batch. It will then add the issuance proofs to the individual documents.

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/example.0.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc
```

The command will display the result in the console. If you need to save the file you can use the `--output-file` file.

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/example.0.json --output-file ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json

✔  success   Batch Document Root: 0x5d318c8083aac18f8075ca2a2eac74b06f2cc37d6ccad680c7c80c9bb36f7be1
```

If you need to wrap a folder you will need to provide the `--output-dir` options to specify in which folder the documents must be wrapped in.

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents

✔  success   Batch Document Root: 0x5d318c8083aac18f8075ca2a2eac74b06f2cc37d6ccad680c7c80c9bb36f7be1
```

You can also provide an optional JSON schema document to perform extra check on the documents

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --schema ./examples/schema.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc

open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ ./examples/wrapped-documents/ -s ./examples/schema.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc
```

The JSON schema parameter also allow for http endpoint returning valid JSON schema:

Example:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --schema https://gist.githubusercontent.com/Nebulis/dd8198ab76443489e14121dad225d351/raw/693b50a1694942fb3cc6a8dcf5187cc7c75adb58/schema.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc

open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents/ -s https://gist.githubusercontent.com/Nebulis/dd8198ab76443489e14121dad225d351/raw/693b50a1694942fb3cc6a8dcf5187cc7c75adb58/schema.json

✔  success  Batch Document Root: 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc
```

You can also re-wrap a document by editing a wrapped document content and using the `--unwrap` option:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/example.0.json --output-file ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json

# edit the recipient name in ./tmp/wrapped-documents/example.0.json for instance for Your Name to Another Name
open-attestation wrap ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json --of ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.1.json --unwrap
```

You can disable the `--batched` option to wrap multiple documents individually (i.e. they will not have the same merkle root):

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ --output-dir ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --batched false
✔  success   All documents have been individually wrapped
```

By default the CLI will use open-attestation schema v2 but you can opt in for open-attestation schema v3 using `open-attestation-v3` option:

```bash
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --open-attestation-v3
open-attestation wrap ./examples/raw-documents/ ./examples/wrapped-documents/ --oav3
```

## Document privacy filter

This allows document holders to generate valid documents which hides certain evidences. Useful for hiding grades lol.

```bash
open-attestation filter <inputDocumentPath> <outputDocumentPath> [filters...]
```

Example:

```bash
open-attestation filter examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json tmp/example.0.out.json key1

✔  success  Obfuscated document saved to: tmp/example.0.out.json
```

## Encrypting document

This allows you to encrypt document in order to share and store them safely.

```bash
open-attestation encrypt <inputDocumentPath> <outputEncryptedPath>
```

Example:

```bash
open-attestation encrypt ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json ./tmp/encrypted.json

✔  success   Encrypted document saved to: tmp/encrypted.json
⚠  warning   Here is the key to decrypt the document: don't lose it: 9bac5be27bac31d852fc1e48eb9d5249ec6ad7978da23377b5879f7a24994cb2
```

## Decrypting document

This allows you to decrypt document encrypted using the method above.

```bash
open-attestation decrypt <input> <output> <key>
```

Example:

```bash
open-attestation decrypt ./src/__tests__/fixture/did-dns-encrypted.json decrypted.json 88da9b9cd61cfc1677ae7e79dba9b3aeba4b40c95f94c950759e76c6210b5402

✔  success   Decrypted document saved to: decrypted.json
```

## Deploying Token Registry

Deploys a token registry contract on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation deploy token-registry <registry-name> <registry-symbol> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation deploy token-registry "My Sample Token" MST --network ropsten

✔  success   Token registry deployed at 0x4B127b8d5e53872d403ce43414afeb1db67B1842
```

## Deploying Document Store

Deploys a document store contract on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation deploy document-store <store-name> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten

✔  success   Document store deployed at 0x4B127b8d5e53872d403ce43414afeb1db67B1842
```

## Token registry

### Issue

Issue a hash to a token registry deployed on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation token-registry issue --address <TOKEN_REGISTRY_ADDRESS> --tokenId <TOKEN_ID> --to <TO> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation token-registry mint --network ropsten --address 6133f580aE903b8e79845340375cCfd78a45FF35 --to 0xB26B4941941C51a4885E5B7D3A1B861E54405f90 --tokenId 0x10ee711d151bc2139473a57531f91d961b639affb876b350c31d031059cdcc2c


✔  success   Token with hash 0x10ee711d151bc2139473a57531f91d961b639affb876b350c31d031059cdcc2c has been issued on 6133f580aE903b8e79845340375cCfd78a45FF35 with the initial recipient being 0xB26B4941941C51a4885E5B7D3A1B861E54405f90
```

`mint` can be used instead of issue and will be strictly equivalent.

## Document Store

### Issue

Issue a hash to a document store deployed on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation document-store issue --address <DOCUMENT_STORE_ADDRESS> --hash <HASH> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation document-store issue --network ropsten --address 0x19f89607b52268D0A19543e48F790c65750869c6 --hash 43033b53a462036304f526aeaf3aaeea8d905997d6fde3bb1a02188eadbaaec1

✔  success   Document/Document Batch with hash 0x0c1a666aa55d17d26412bb57fbed96f40ec5a08e2f995a108faf45429ae3511f has been issued on 0x19f89607b52268D0A19543e48F790c65750869c6
```

### Revoke

Revoke a hash to a document store deployed on the blockchain

```bash
open-attestation document-store revoke --address <DOCUMENT_STORE_ADDRESS> --hash <HASH> [options]
```

Example - with private key set in `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (recommended). [More options](#providing-the-wallet).

```bash
open-attestation document-store revoke --network ropsten --address 0x19f89607b52268D0A19543e48F790c65750869c6 --hash 43033b53a462036304f526aeaf3aaeea8d905997d6fde3bb1a02188eadbaaec1

✔  success   Document/Document Batch with hash 0x0c1a666aa55d17d26412bb57fbed96f40ec5a08e2f995a108faf45429ae3511f has been revoked on 0x19f89607b52268D0A19543e48F790c65750869c6
```

## Verify

Verify if a document is valid.

```bash
open-attestation document-store verify --document ./examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json --network ropsten

…  awaiting  Verifying examples/wrapped-documents/example.0.json
✔  success   The document is valid
```

## DID Direct Signing

Sign on an OA document directly with a private key.

```bash
open-attestation sign ./examples/unsigned-documents -f ./examples/sample-key -p did:ethr:0x6813Eb9362372EEF6200f3b1dbC3f819671cBA69#controller --output-dir ./examples/signed-documents
```

## DNS TXT record

Create a temporary DNS TXT record in OpenAttestation sandbox

```bash
open-attestation dns txt-record create --address 0xf51030c5751a646284c898cff0f9d833c64a50d6f307b61f2c96c3c838b13bfc --networkId 10
✔  success   Record created at exotic-blush-primate.sandbox.openattestation.com and will stay valid until Thu Jul 02 2020 13:51:34 GMT+0800 (Singapore Standard Time)
```

Get the list of DNS TXT records associated to a domain

```bash
open-attestation dns txt-record get --location resulting-magenta-locust.sandbox.openattestation.com
┌─────────┬────────────┬────────────┬───────┬──────────┬────────┐
│ (index) │    type    │    net     │ netId │   addr   │ dnssec │
├─────────┼────────────┼────────────┼───────┼──────────┼────────┤
│    0    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │ '10'  │ '0xabcd' │ false  │
└─────────┴────────────┴────────────┴───────┴──────────┴────────┘
```

Filter the list of DNS TXT records associated to a domain on a specific network

```bash
open-attestation dns txt-record get --location example.openattestation.com --networkId 3
┌─────────┬────────────┬────────────┬───────┬──────────────────────────────────────────────┬────────┐
│ (index) │    type    │    net     │ netId │                     addr                     │ dnssec │
├─────────┼────────────┼────────────┼───────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────┼────────┤
│    0    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0x2f60375e8144e16Adf1979936301D8341D58C36C' │ false  │
│    1    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0x532C9Ff853CA54370D7492cD84040F9f8099f11B' │ false  │
│    2    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0x53f3a47C129Ea30D80bC727556b015F02bE63811' │ false  │
│    3    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0x8Fc57204c35fb9317D91285eF52D6b892EC08cD3' │ false  │
│    4    │ 'openatts' │ 'ethereum' │  '3'  │ '0xdcA6Eea7024151c270b50FcA9E67161119B06BAD' │ false  │
└─────────┴────────────┴────────────┴───────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────┴────────┘
```

## Wallet

Creating a wallet

```bash
open-attestation wallet create --of ./tmp

ℹ  info      Creating a new wallet
? Wallet password [hidden]
…  awaiting  Encrypting Wallet [====================] [100/100%]
ℹ  info      Wallet with public address 0x6348a96D96D56665C2E9619f81355918779f3d9E successfully created. Find more details:
✔  success   Wallet successfully saved into /path/to/tmp
```

Encrypting a wallet (see [below](#providing-the-wallet) to find out how to provide the key)

```bash
open-attestation wallet encrypt --of ./tmp

ℹ  info      Encrypting a wallet
? Wallet password [hidden]
…  awaiting  Encrypting Wallet [====================] [100/100%]
ℹ  info      Wallet with public address 0xB26B4941941C51a4885E5B7D3A1B861E54405f90 successfully created. Find more details:
✔  success   Wallet successfully saved into /path/to/tmp

```

Decrypt a wallet to get information about it. Some information might be sensitive

```bash
open-attestation wallet decrypt wallet.json
⚠  warning   You are about to reveal the private key of your wallet. Please type the following word into the terminal to prove that you understand the risks: active-aqua-swordtail
? ack: active-aqua-swordtail
ℹ  info      User consented to risks
? Wallet password [hidden]
…  awaiting  Decrypting Wallet [====================] [100/100%]
ℹ  info      Wallet successfully decrypted
✔  success   Wallet information:
- address: 0x19bf1b00f78f521999d9A4246818F362fcaA1A96
- public key: 0x04e1a6facd0fee89e44ae51c1352e32224e79caaa3ccf5afa9d77f10f92f7c4c584ccdf6cfb9a71584c18408a1a0e12341556757268117afebda00d6d6e71133bf
- private key ....
```

## Providing the wallet

When interacting with blockchain you will likely need to provide a way to access your wallet. All functions - when the wallet is required - will provide multiples ways for you to pass it in:

1. Using `encrypted-wallet-path` option where you provide a path to an [encrypted wallet](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/api/signer/#Wallet-encrypt) (recommended).
1. Using `OA_PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable holding the private key.
1. Using `--key-file` option where you provide a path to a file containing the private key.
1. Using `--key` option where you provide the private key directly to the command (**Note that for this method, the private key may be stored in the machine's bash history**).

Example:

```bash
# Using encrypted-wallet-path option
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten --encrypted-wallet-path /path/to/wallet.json
# Then you will be prompted to type your password to decrypt the wallet
? Wallet password [input is hidden]

# Using environment variable
export OA_PRIVATE_KEY=0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten
unset OA_PRIVATE_KEY

# Using private key stored in file
echo -n 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002 >> ./examples/sample-key
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten --key-file ./examples/sample-key
rm ./examples/sample-key

# Providing the key to the command
open-attestation deploy document-store "My Name" --network ropsten --key 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003
```

## Config file

This command will generate a config file with sandbox DNS, document store and token registry.

Please note that a template config file and a wallet.json file must be provided in order for this command to work.

Please also note that there must have funds in the Ropsten wallet, as we require to pay some gas fees to generate the config file.

Example:

```
open-attestation config create --output-dir ./examples/config --encrypted-wallet-path /path/to/wallet.json --config-template-path /path/tp/config.json
```

You will need to provide the `--output-dir` option to specify in which folder the config file will be created in.

You will need to use the `--encrypted-wallet-path` option where you provide a path to an [encrypted wallet](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/api/signer/#Wallet-encrypt).

You will need to use the `--config-template-path` option where you provide a path to a config file.

## Help

Run the command with `--help` to get additional information

```
open-attestation deploy
open-attestation document-store
open-attestation encrypt
open-attestation filter
open-attestation verify
open-attestation wrap
open-attestation sign
```

## Development

To run on local for development

```
npm run dev -- <command> <options>
```

## Test

```
npm run test
```
